Dear Lucy, Kirsten, Anthony, Michele, and Cyndee,

 

On behalf of the ad hoc general education committee, thank you for the opportunity to add some clarity on these important questions. I think it is easy forget to present information completely and in the correct order. I apologize, we are very eager to produce results that wil benefit a variety of groups across the university.

On the background of surveys we are fielding among faculty and students, we envisioned this meeting as another opportunity to gain insights into hopes and concerns from an important campus community. We did not want to solicit your feedback via an anonymous survey, but felt that the richer interaction in an in-person meeting would be beneficial for everyone. We obtained several valuable insights from the perspectives of college deans, which we discussed in detail at the last meeting and plan to incorporate into the proposed solutions we develop.

Please note that the timeline contained in the powerpoint attached to your message was merely a draft (not a final version). Our assumption is that the full committee is able to meet throughout the fall 2023 semester. For various reasons, this was not a possibility. To make up for lost time, we have both sought to leverage much of the valuable research collected in prior reviews and proposed revamps of the Discovery Program as well as strategized with the Agenda Committee of the Faculty Senate on where to focus our efforts this Spring term to set the committee up for a productive summer of further research and deliberation.  While the committee deliberated a possible Mission, Vision, and Values document, the committee as a whole felt it necessary to first gain insights into opinions, hopes, and concerns of different stakeholders on campus, before moving forward with this step.

The information gathered prior to the formation of this committee includes benchmarking data regarding comparator institutions; our first committee meetings entailed reviewed these data and obtaining updates for how comparator institutions evolved their general education programs, including the marketing to parents, students, and the general public. We intend to package this information alongside our preliminary analysis of the survey results in a presentation to the Faculty Senate later this term. We will of course be sharing the supporting files for this presentation with you as well.

 
Again, thank you very much for your continued support of and interest in our work and we look forward to continuing to share our progress with you.
